Who are the parents of the wife of Juan Carlos I?
Where is the residence of the prime minister of Spain?
Which country does the creator of Miffy come from?
Who is the daughter of Robert Kennedy married to?
Which other weapons did the designer of the Uzi develop?

Give me all people that were born in Vienna and died in Berlin.
Which Chess players died in the same place they were born in?
Which books by Kerouac were published by Viking Press?
Which films starring Clint Eastwood did he direct himself?
In which city was the former Dutch queen Juliana buried?
In which films directed by Garry Marshall was Julia Roberts starring?

List all episodes of the first season of the HBO television series The Sopranos.
Which software has been developed by organizations founded in California?
Which companies work in the aerospace industry as well as in medicine?

Was the wife of president Lincoln called Mary?
Give me all films produced by Hal Roach.
Give me all video games published by Mean Hamster Software.
Which languages are spoken in Estonia?
How many Aldi stores are there?
Which capitals in Europe were host cities of the summer olympic games?
Who was the 16th president of the United States?
How many films did Hal Roach produce?
Which music albums contain the song Last Christmas?
Give me all books written by Danielle Steel.
Which airports are located in California, USA?
Which states of Germany are governed by the Social Democratic Party?
Give me all Canadian Grunge record labels.
Which country has the most official languages?
In which programming language is GIMP written?
Who produced films starring Natalie Portman?
Give me all movies with Tom Cruise.
In which films did Julia Roberts as well as Richard Gere play?
Give me all female given names.
Who wrote the book The Pillars of the Earth?
How many films did Leonardo DiCaprio star in?
Give me all soccer clubs in the Premier League.
In which U.S. state is Mount McKinley located?
When was Capcom founded?
Which organizations were founded in 1930?
What is the highest mountain?
Was Natalie Portman born in the United States?
Which budget did the first movie of Zdenek Sverak have?
How many big fires struck Paris during the Middle Ages?
Is Pamela Anderson a vegan?
How often was Michael Jordan divorced?
What is the most beautiful painting?
Give me all animal species that live in the Amazon rainforest.
How many inhabitants does the largest city in Canada have?
In which studio did the Beatles record their first album?
Who was the first to climb Mount Everest?
How many programming languages are there?
What is the official color of the University of Oxford?
How many gold medals did Michael Phelps win at the 2008 Olympics?
To which artistic movement did the painter of The Three Dancers belong?
Give me all animals that are extinct.
Does Abraham Lincoln's death place have a website?
How deep is Lake Placid?
Give me the grandchildren of Bruce Lee.
Who is the youngest Darts player?
Where was Bach born?
In which countries can you pay using the West African CFA franc?
What are the top-10 action role-playing video games according to IGN?
What is the most frequent cause of death?
Does the Isar flow into a lake?
Give me all films produced by Steven Spielberg with a budget of at least $80 million.
Give me all writers that won the Nobel Prize in literature.
Give me all taikonauts.
How many pages does War and Peace have?
What is the bridge with the longest span?
Give me all actors called Baldwin.
Who is the tallest player of the Atlanta Falcons?
Which rivers flow into a German lake?
How many James Bond movies are there?
Which rockets were launched from Baikonur?
Which pope succeeded John Paul II?
Give me all Dutch parties.
When is Halloween?
Give me all Swedish oceanographers.
Give me all actors who were born in Berlin.
What was the last movie with Alec Guinness?
Which poet wrote the most books?
How many languages are spoken in Colombia?
What does IYCM stand for?
What was Brazil's lowest rank in the FIFA World Ranking?
Give me the capitals of all countries that the Himalayas run through.
Which actor played Chewbacca?
Which ingredients do I need for carrot cake?
Is Cola a beverage?
Who has Tom Cruise been married to?
Which of Tim Burton's films had the highest budget?
How heavy is Jupiter's lightest moon?
Which actor was casted in the most movies?
Is James Bond married?
Give me all Australian metalcore bands.
Give me all actors who were born in Paris after 1950.
When was Carlo Giuliani shot?
Who are the four youngest MVP basketball players?
Which companies have more than 1 million employees?
Give all swimmers that were born in Moscow.
Who was called Rodzilla?
Show me the book that Muhammad Ali wrote.
How many museums does Paris have?
Which city has the most inhabitants?
Which city has the least inhabitants?
Give me all the TV shows with Neil Patrick Harris.
Who wrote The Hunger Games?
Show a list of soccer clubs that play in the Bundesliga.
What country is Mount Everest in?
Who is the founder of Penguin Books?
Which programming languages influenced Javascript?
Did Che Guevara have children?
List all the musicals with music by Elton John.
Show me all the breweries in Australia.
When was the Titanic completed?
How much did Pulp Fiction cost?
How many airlines are there?
Who played Agent Smith in Matrix?
How much carbs does peanut butter have?
Which book has the most pages?
Which bridges cross the Seine?
Who is the mayor of the capital of French Polynesia?
When did Dracula's creator die?
What is the location of the Houses of Parliament?
Show me all English Gothic buildings in Kent.
Who was the pope that founded the Vatican Television?
What airlines are part of the SkyTeam alliance?
What is the total population of Melbourne, Florida?
Which airports does Air China serve?
In which year was Rachel Stevens born?
Where was JFK assassinated?
How many politicians graduated from Columbia University?
Which scientist is known for the Manhattan Project and the Nobel Peace Prize?
What is the highest volcano in Africa?
Which beer originated in Ireland?
What are the specialities of the UNC Health Care?
Who is the owner of Facebook?
From which region is the Melon de Bourgogne?
Who was influenced by Socrates?
Who was president of Pakistan in 1978?
Give me English actors starring in Lovesick.
Give me all types of eating disorders.
Who was married to president Chirac?
What is the largest metropolitan area in Washington state?
Where in France is sparkling wine produced?
Where did Hillel Slovak die?
What is the timezone in San Pedro de Atacama?
In which city does the Chile Route 68 end?
